The Living Skyrim Modlist can be found here: [Click Me!](https://www.fgsmodlists.com/livingskyrim/readme/)

Welcome to Living Skyrim! Living Skyrim is, has been, and will continue to be about one thing: breathing life into Skyrim. When playing vanilla Skyrim, there are times when you'll find nothing to do, nowhere to go, and no one to interact with. Living Skyrim seeks to correct this in every possible way. Within this modlist, you'll find a semi-lore friendly approach to adding an astounding amount of NPCs, quests, dungeons, followers, and more. It is uncommon to go more than 5 minutes without coming across something, be it an NPC to fight, a new questline, or any number of other points of interest. Content alone isn't enough, though. You'll also find a varied selection of enhanced gameplay mechanics ranging from being able to select a class and specialization for your character, expanded perk trees, all the way up to dozens of new spells, melee combat mechanics, and more. Normally, when the mechanics have been overhauled this thoroughly, you'll find a significant amount of tedium - Living Skyrim seeks to keep the fluid, ever-forward direction of Skyrim's gameplay. You'll find no mods that require you to stop and manage status bars, systems, or anything else. Living Skyrim isn't meant to slow the pace of Skyrim to a crawl by forcing you to stop and camp, manage needs, or other such similar systems.

That said, Living Skyrim is home to a suite of mods that allow you to create and roleplay characters of great depth - you'll find more traditional RPG elements such as picking a class for your character, assigning attribute points, a backstory, a deity to worship, and more. If you've played Dungeons & Dragons or similar games, this all may sound familiar to you. Add in the wealth of character customization options allowing you to specify exactly what you want your character to look like and you have a fast-paced, roleplay-capable, and replayable modlist. Sharing your character's story and adventure is highly encouraged.

All of this is on top of a high-quality graphics package intended for higher-end PCs. While the performance of Living Skyrim 3 specifically has been greatly improved over previous versions, you will still need a decently powerful computer to run the list. The ENB presets, weather, flora, fauna, textures, and meshes have all been hand-chosen to provide a consistent and gorgeous game look. For distant objects you'll find xLODGen, DynDOLOD, TexGen, and even the Grass Cache have been created for you to ensure that even distant objects look as good as those up close.
